= Thin::FunEmbed

This is minimalistic web server for embedding into EventMachine-enabled application
based on {idea of Nils Franzén}[http://www.franzens.org/2011/10/writing-minimalistic-web-server-using.html],
but it uses origin Thin::Request instead of custom wrapper to thin parser.

It is intentionally not full fledge rack server, but you could use +send_status_headers_body+ to return
rack application's response to client.

It is capable to serve keep-alive requests (but not pipelined).

It is faster than Thin itself cause it allows you to send very custom response, and even for Rack like
response it doesn't do many checks on your output. But it meens, that you responsible for you response :)

Rack hello world, tested with +ab -k -c 500 -n 50000 127.0.0.1:8080/+ on Core i3@1600Mhz

* with Thin::FunEmbed (see examples/rack_like.rb) ~ 14000 req/sec
* with `thin -p 8080 -e production start` ~ 6500 req/sec

(But consider, that this is for very dump response. Do not expect big speedup for heavy weight ones')

Also, it doesn't bother with keep-alive timeouts, limits and many other things that Thin do. But it is not
too hard too look for them in the Thin's sources. And, in any way, it is better to place this "server" behind
"something like" Nginx, which could use keep-alive connections to upstream since version 1.1 .

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'thin-fun_embed'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install thin-fun_embed

== Usage

You should subclass Thin::FunEmbed and override #handle_http_request method. Then you should start it with
EM.start_server as any other EM::Connection .

Abstract example:
  require 'thin/fun_embed.rb'
  class MyServer < Thin::FunEmbed
    def handle_http_request(env)
      if rack_like_response?
        send_status_headers_body(status, headers, body)
      elsif is_200_ok?
        send_200_ok(body)
      elsif is_status_body?
        send_status_body(status, body)
      elsif is_raw_string?
        send_raw_string(full_http_response_string, try_to_keep_alive)
      end
    end
  end
  
  host, port = '0.0.0.0', 8080
  EM.run do
    EM.start_server host, port, MyServer
  end

200 ok example:
  require 'thin/fun_embed.rb'

  class Simple200ok < Thin::FunEmbed
    def handle_http_request(env)
      if rand(2) == 1
        send_200_ok('{"hello":"world"}', 'application/javascript')
      else
        send_200_ok('hello world')
      end
    end
  end

  EM.run do
    EM.start_server '0.0.0.0', 8080, Simple200ok
  end

Rack like example with correct socket closing:
  require 'thin/fun_embed.rb'

  class RackLikeServer < Thin::FunEmbed
    attr_accessor :app
    def handle_http_request(env)
      send_rack_response(*app.call(env))
    end
  end

  app = proc{|env| [200, {'Content-Length'=>6}, ['hello', "\n"]]}

  host, port = '0.0.0.0', 8080
  all_conns = {}
  trap(:INT) do 
    EM.schedule{ 
      all_conns.each{|conn, _| conn.close_after_writting}
      EM.next_tick{ EM.stop }
    } 
  end

  EM.run do
    EM.start_server host, port, RackLikeServer do |conn|
      conn.app = app
      all_conns[conn] = true
      conn.unbind_callback = all_conns.method(:delete)
    end
  end

== Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Added some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
